docs: update UI text to 'Record payload in traffic logs' (#1733)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: snippets/create-api-key-include.mdx

    You use the Configuration section to set the following:

>     1. Record payload in traffic logs. This is disabled by default and isn't required for this tutorial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Enable Detailed Logging. This is disabled by default and isn't required for this tutorial
```
